---
layout: post
title: "Meeting: Tuesday, September 22, 2015 @ 7 9PM [6:30PM Open]"
tags: []
---
## Materialize your Stuff - Cecy Correa

As a backend dev, you probably work with designers who take care of making your
app a delightful experience, so you probably never have to worry about making
something look nice. But, there are times when you might have to make something
look "not broken." An open source or personal project, perhaps? I know what
you're thinking, there's Bootstrap for that. I'm here to tell you there's
another player on the block, and that's Materialize.

Materialize is a frontend framework based on Material Design. I'll talk about
the benefits of Materialize over other frameworks, and how to play with
Materialize in your Rails app.

Cecy is co-chapter leader Girl Develop It ATX, Organizer @RefreshAustin. Full-stack
developer with eye for design. Amateur standup comedian.

## A (Gentle) Rant On Architecting and Designing Rails Apps - Cory Foy

There was a time when Rails was Magic and Fun. Where developers typed "rails
new" and cranked out features. But more and more we look critically at our rails
apps and wonder how we fit them in to so many paradigms - from Clean
Architecture, to DDD, through slim controllers and slimmer models. But in our
frenzy to adopt the latest thing, we threaten to leave newbies missing out on
the progression necessary for good design - and the true joy that comes from
following that path. In this talk, Cory Foy will cover some of the challenges he
sees newbie developers having with Rails, and details how to build a clean
system which can withstand significant change over a long period of time -
without trying to get it all right up front.

Cory has had a life-long passion for helping others, starting with spending 7
years as a Firefighter and CPR Instructor. But technology really captured his
interest, and for the past 17 years Cory has had the pleasure of working and
leading teams building software for some of the largest companies and
organizations in the world - including Microsoft, MIT, Beats By Dre, Wachovia
and many others. In the mid-2000s Cory began working to solve the problem of
organizational change and agility in companies, and led to his work with the
Scrum Alliance, and Lean-Kanban University. Cory has been a guest lecturer at
several universities, including Notre Dame and Carnegie Mellon, and speaks at
organizations and conferences around the globe. Cory now serves as the Director
of Corporate Education for The Iron Yard, and spends downtime with his wife and
two girls where they can be found fishing, building awesome things, or just
hanging out near any body of water.
