---
layout: post
title: "Meeting: Tuesday, October 25, 2016 @ 7-9PM [6:30PM Open]"
tags: []
---

## You graduated from bootcamp, now what? - Melanie Gilman

Throughout bootcamp, your biggest worry was finding a job. Now that you’ve found one and you’ve started your career as a developer, what comes next? In this talk, we’ll explore what the career of a bootcamp graduate looks like a few years after the program. We’ll talk about the good and not-so-good parts of being a newly-minted developer. We’ll come away with actionable steps we can take to continue to grow as developers post-bootcamp and be happy and successful, even when we don’t have the mythical perfect job.

Melanie discovered her love of programming when she took a course in C. Once she wrote her first for loop, there was no looking back. When she started programming in Ruby, she was delighted to learn that she'd never need to write a for loop again. Melanie is a graduate of Hungry Academy. When she's not working, you might find her knitting or solving a crossword puzzle.

## I Can’t Believe It’s Not A Queue: Using Kafka with Rails - Terence Lee

Your existing message system is great, until it gets overloaded. Then what? That's when you should try Kafka. Kafka's designed to be resilient. It takes the stress out of moving from a Rails monolith into a scalable system of microservices. Since you can capture every event that happens in your app, it's great for logging. You can even use Kafka's distributed, ordered log to simulate production load in your staging environment. Come and learn about Kafka, where it fits in your Rails app, and how to make it do the things that message queues simply can't.

Terence leads Heroku’s Ruby Task Force curating the Ruby experience on the platform. He's worked on some OSS projects such as Ruby (the language), mruby, mruby-cli, Bundler, Resque, as well as helping with the Rails Girls movement. When he’s not going to an awesome Heroku or Ruby event, he lives in Austin, TX. Terence loves Friday hugs (EVERY DAY OF THE WEEK) and believes in getting people together for #rubykaraoke.

